Hello and welcome to this tutorial.
Okay.
We are almost ready to begin our journey of data repossessing.
But first we need to get the data set.
That's what we're going to do in this tutorial.
So let's do this right now.
And here it is just going gonna put the column titles in bold.
OK.
That's the data set.
So what is this data set about this data set contains four columns country age salary and poor chaste
and ten lines 10 observations.
And basically this contains informations of customers of some company and the first three columns are
informations of these customers like the country The Age and the salary.
And the fourth column purchased here tells if yes or no.
The customer but the product of the company.
So we have to distinguish something very important here that we will distinguish for the rest of the
course it's the difference between the independent variables and the dependent variables.
So the independent variables are the first three columns country age and salary and the dependent variable
is purchased here.
The fourth column and in any machine learning model we are going to use some independent variables to
predict a dependent variable.
So that means here that with this three first columns these three independent variables we are going
to predict if yes or no.
The customer purchased a product.
OK.
So that's the first distinction that we really need to understand.
And it's very important to do this section because the data processing steps that we're going to do
in this section we will have to do it for all the machine learning models we are going to make.
So it's really essential to know how to manage this.
But don't worry it's going to be very simple.
And besides I'm going to give you at the end of the section a templates that will allow us later to
prepay access to data and a flashlight for all the machine learning models we're going to make.
So I look forward to starting the steps with you.
And until then enjoy machine learning.